intercaljs - manage callbacks and deferreds with style 
======================================================

you discovered $.Deferred and maybe $.Callbacks and started using them
to handle the async world of a webapp.

after a while your callbacks and deferreds are all over the place and the code
is a mess. 

It's hard to know the kind of events your application generates and
sometimes you don't have access to them from where you are.

There is no single place to go look for the list of events and deferreds.

There is no structure or convention on them.

you need to wait for some deferreds and/or callbacks and start doing callback
accounting by hand.

sounds familiar?

if so, then intercaljs is for you.

what is it?
-----------

intercaljs is a small jquery library that allows organizing your events and
deferreds in one place, hierarchically.

it also provides utilities to wait for a set of events/deferreds in a unified
and clean way, for example:

* wait for the first event/deferred
* wait for N
* wait for all
* wait with timeout
* listen to any or all child events/deferreds from a given node in the hierarchy

get it
------

::

    git clone https://github.com/marianoguerra/intercaljs

build it
--------

::

    cd intercaljs
    ./build.sh
    
lear more
---------

http://marianoguerra.github.com/intercaljs/

test it
-------

http://marianoguerra.github.com/intercaljs/test

or open test/index.html in your browser

author
------

Mariano Guerra

license
-------

BSD (+ optional beer to the author)

